[Music] Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here and in this video I want to walk you through the seven things that you need to have to build an outbound system. Now I've built I don't know probably 30 40 different successful outbound systems to get clients specifically through cold email, cold DM, cold calling, even like cold mailing like physical mailing and if you want to build your own and start from scratch and actually create an outbound system that delivers appointments and actually works there's seven things that you need. So when we take an outbound system, you kind of want to see the words outbound system as like a in the same way that you like a car and you know how like a car is made up of different parts that make the car. So you've got the wheels, you've got the chassis, you've got the alloys, you've got the engine, you've got the windscreen, you got the windows and all of those things aggregated together becomes the car. A car is basically just a collection of parts. And so if we want to build an outbound system, we look at it in the same way that we want to build a car. So if you're building a car, it's like what do I need? I need wheels. I need this. I need this. And then the collection of all those things together determines the car. The interesting thing about that is that the collection of all those little things determines the quality of the car. And you've got lots of different layers here. So one component to a car is an engine. And inside of that engine, you need lots of little components to make the engine good. Same thing is true with outbound systems. We're not going to get into massive depth and complication here, but there's seven things. The first thing is you need youruler. Okay, so your scheduling software. And this is pretty straightforward. This is kind of obvious because what a lot of people try and do with their um outbound systems is they'll try and book appointments manually. So, they'll email someone, that person will get back and say like, you know, oh, let's house tomorrow at 3 p.m. and then the person will go and they'll put it in their calendar and invite them and then ask them some questions and it's a nightmare. What you want to do is you want to use a scheduling software. Super simple. Cow.com, Calendarly. Um, calendarly is honestly going to suffice. Pretty straightforward. you want to configure that so you've got reminders on email and text as well as um qualifying questions as well if you want a few of those. But that's the easy part. Everyone knows that. The second part is the platform. So once you've got youruler unlock, you want to organize what platform you're going to use. So the platform is basically the um the place that you go to do the outreach. So is it um are you doing cold calling, cold emailing, or cold DMing? And cold call and cold emailing are pretty straightforward because the platforms you're going to use for those are well the phone carrier service you have or alternatively Gmail or Microsoft Outlook, right? But when it comes to cold DMing, you're looking at LinkedIn, you're looking at Facebook, you're looking at Instagram. And basically um you get to determine like which platform you're using. And the reason this is important is because what a lot of people will try and do with outreach is they'll just try they'll try everything. They'll be like, "Oh, I'm just going to make cold calls today and then like, oh, tomorrow I'm going to send some cold DMs on LinkedIn and then I'm also going to try a bit of cold." You need to just pick one platform and get really, really, really good at it because you'll find that there is one platform that you that is most suited to your niche. And if you're wondering how to pick the platform, it's based on accessibility of leads and availability of the niche. Okay? So, availability is basically is this a platform where everyone goes in your niche. For example, when I used to work with gym owners, I could call them because gym owners were always in the gym. They never had a gatekeeper and their phone numbers were always available on their websites. And so the platform that I used to get my clients was the phone. Um, if you were working with online fitness coaches, the best platform to probably use is Instagram. Why? Because they all have an Instagram and they're all active there, right? So you see my point, you pick the platform based on a niche. The third thing is the stimuli. So your stimuli, think of this like the things that you expose people to to in order to encourage them to book an appointment. So I'm talking scripts, I'm talking templates. So, for example, if you were using a cold calling system, your stimuli would be the script you use, the sequence of words that you utter to encourage someone to book an appointment, right? If you're doing cold emails, then you know, a stimuli might be a Loom video or it could be um obviously part of it is going to be the subject line and the footer and the follow-up messages you use. And if you're using gifts or whatever, so you need stimuli and the better your stimuli, the better your results will be. And if you're wondering how to create good stimuli, you just do it based entirely off the psychology of the niche. What words is going to are going to trigger them? What pain points do they have? What fears do they have? What desires they have? Understanding all of those things. You don't write copy for the sake of writing writing copy. You understand your niche and then you write your copy or your script or your other stimuli around your niche. Everything needs to be about would this suit my niche. The fourth thing is a CRM sheet. So, what a lot of people will try and do when they build outbound systems is they get really complicated with the CRM they use. So, they'll be like, "Oh, I need a HubSpot thing or I need Salesforce or I need close.com." Whatever. You don't. You just need a very very straightforward spreadsheet. And all of my spreadsheets for um my outbound CRM have literally just been one sheet with like columns at the top. So like name and then obviously the contact information that you're using or the social platform that you're using um to you know give someone like a link that link to their social profile and then literally just like when did you reach out to them? Have you followed up with them? Have they booked any notes? And you just need a really, really simple Google spreadsheet that you can honestly build in probably about 10 minutes. And then that way you can just keep a log of all your leads. What a lot of people will do is they won't have this. They won't have a CRM. They'll just blindly reach out to people and be like, "Oh, I'm I I did I call this guy or did I DM did this guy reply to me? I don't know." You want to have a nice clean spreadsheet bookmarked. You keep it up to date every single day with all the information you can possibly need to contact your niche and keep updated notes on their responses and also whether they're booking or not. Um the fifth thing is your lead source. So what you then need to do is understand something very important is that the quality of a system is determined almost entirely by the quality of the inputs that go into that system. Now yes, we want to have the right stimuli. We want to have the right sheets. We want to have the right platform. Those things are important to get right. But it doesn't matter how good you are at writing copy. It doesn't matter how good you are at picking the right platform or having the best scheduling platforms or software thing. What matters and what's crucial is how good the leads are. And so what you want to do is you want to find a lead source, okay? And and you want to find an endless lead source. So like imagine you're on a desert island and you're looking for water. There's going to be different qualities of water sources, right? You know, you're going to be able to pick it up from like a bottle on the beach that's been in there for god knows how long. There might be like a dirty like like puddle of water or something. Maybe you can get it from coconuts. But if you travel into the island, maybe you'll find a spring, a never-ending flow of clean water that comes up from the rocks beneath. That's what you're looking for when it comes to lead sourcing. You're looking for a spring, an endless supply of qualified leads, something that can keep you alive basically. And these exist and they're it's possible to find them and basically you just have to look. So this could be LinkedIn Sales Navigator. It could be a specific lead sourcing software. It could be using um yel.com or yelp.com. It could be using Google, you know, just find my business. You need to be able to find your leads. And if you're wondering like, "Oh, but I can't find them." Well, then that's that's that's never true because they almost always are available and you need to have a lead source that's consistent and good. You can also use lead sources from Fiverr, um, Upwork or any other sort of virtual assistant platform as well. You can get professional lead sources to source your leads for you. Um, and there are 101 ways to source leads these days. So, you shouldn't struggle with that. But that's number five and you need it. Number six is you need a metric tracker. So, what you then want to do is you want to build a second spreadsheet second to your CRM sheet. And on that spreadsheet, you want to basically put in all of the stages of conversion that you're walking people through. And you want to track your data every single day. So let's say that you're doing a cold email system, right? You want to track every single day, how many emails have you sent, how many people have replied, how many calls have you booked, how many sales have you closed. And what you're then going to do is with those four stages of conversion is calculate the conversion rates between each stage. And that allows you to deter to to determine and understand like how effective are the variables and stimuli that you've put into place at each of these stages. So let's say for example that you get loads of replies. So your let's say that your positive reply rate from email sent to um reply received is really high but for some reason you get no bookings, right? Well then now you can immediately see what the problem is. And when it comes to diagnosing systems, troubleshooting systems and improving them and fixing them, it's all about knowing where to look. So, let's say that you've got an incredible positive reply rate, but you just you just don't get any appointments. So, you've got hundreds of people telling you they love your thing and they want to book with you, but they just don't they just don't book. Well, maybe you need to look at the variables then that determine positive reply rate to booking rate um which is this conversion stage. So, you'd look at your scheduleuler like, have I got enough availability in there? You'd look at your um the way you're dealing with replies, how much you following up with people, how's your deliverability to warm prospects, right? you can start diagnosing problems and fixing systems gets very easy when you know where to look and you're only going to know where to look because of the metrics. And then the seventh thing, the last thing is your delivery mechanism. Okay, so this is pretty self-explanatory because if you're making cold calls, the delivery mechanism you're using is your phone. If you're sending cold emails, the delivery mechanism you're using might be a Gmail account. If you're doing social platforms, then the delivery mechanism that you might use is going to be like LinkedIn Messenger or Instagram, you know, DMs or something. But when it comes to all these things, there are softwares that you can use and platforms that you can use and automation tools you can use to successfully deliver your outreach and you know launch your stimuli to the market without you having to do as much manual work. So you know you've got things like instantly um you've you've got coldms.com you got all sorts of different softwares that you can look into to find. But for the sake of this video being a high-level overview of specifically the seven components you need to build a successful outbound system from a very beginner perspective, that's all you need. If you've got a scheduleuler, a platform, a stimuli, a CRM sheet, a lead source, a metric tracker, and a delivery mechanism, then you have everything you need to actually get appointments with outbound. That doesn't mean it's going to work because obviously the quality of the variables determines the outcome. In the same way that if you're building a car, if you have really crap wheels and the rubber keeps deflating, then the car is not going to move, right? So, very important you get all this right, but I wanted to just highlight the things you actually need so you actually know where to look when it comes to building this to avoid any confusion. So, if you need help getting more clients and you want to build this, but not yourself as in like you want all these like all of these um components if you like pre-built for you, then I actually have a entire system dedicated to doing that specifically for B2B consultants, agency owners, etc., etc., who sell high ticket. There's a link in the description you can click. It's a full video of me breaking down how these systems work and how we can help you get clients with them. You can check it out if you want. I don't care if you do or not. But that's everything and I hope you have a good day. Take care.